#Version control
Git has lots of useful functions which needs us to know. As I've said, Git is a version control system, so
this file will introduce how git control vesions.
##The logs of versions of repository
Assuming that we want to revist the past version we have commited to git. Then how can we do for it? The 
following instruction will save us.

	$git log
	
when we type above instruction in our git Bash, we may see some informations appearing in Bash such as

	commit abd6e31cc11ca1e79f0073b466ae854b74740279
	Author: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
	Date:   Wed Nov 23 21:24:02 2016 +0800
    Changing the fileNames in Markdown

	commit 8a5835b7b495555b3782ce84968c930be48e76ce
	Author: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
	Date:   Wed Nov 23 21:21:44 2016 +0800
    Changing the fileNames in Markdown
	:

or we can add parameter "--oneline"

	$git log --oneline
	
So we can see informations every one line

	abd6e31 Changing the fileNames in Markdown
	8a5835b Changing the fileNames in Markdown

These can help us search vesion we need. The number "abd6e31" or "8a5835b" can be thought as the 
indices of versions , which can help us locate vesion we need quickly.

##Backward
Now we can list the logs of verison through the instructions we have learnd. we can go backward any version
we want. The following instructions can make our dream come true.

	$git reset --hard HEAD^
	or
	$git reset --hard HEAD^^
	or
	$git reset --hard HEAD~3
	or 
	$git reset --hard 8a5835b
	
it's very easy to do that.

##The logs of commits
Maybe we want to know how many commits we have done. So we can type the following instruction

	$git reflog
	
the results of above instruction are

	ba6d0f8 HEAD@{0}: commit: Adding some descriptions of version control on Git
	abd6e31 HEAD@{1}: commit: Changing the fileNames in Markdown
	:

##Discarding what we've just added
we can use the following instructions to recover vesion from what we've added

	$git checkout --fileName
	$git reset HEAD file
	
when we use the former instruction, we just discard what we've added before using instruction "$git add fileName". when we use the former instruction, we just 
discard what we've added before using instruction "$git commit -m \"commit\" ".