#Branch
In this file, we will learn the feature "Branch" of git. Branch will be useful when we need to add some new 
functions to our system but not to influence the exsiting system before we fully complete it. It just like that 
we enter in the parallel world.
##First glance
Two form instructions can be used here to create the branch, such as

	$git branch YourBranchName
	$git checkout YourBranchName
	or
	$git checkout -b YourBranchName
	
The former form have two instructions. The first instruction means a Branch Named "YourBranchName" has
been created when you type it on the Bash. The second form means you will enter the branch "YourBranchName".
The latter Instruction will cause the same effects as the former. The effects of above instructions are

	Switched to branch 'newBranch'

When we type 'git status', we can see

	On branch newBranch
	nothing to commit, working tree clean

newBranch is the name of my branch.

##Working in the branch
In the newBranch I will create this file. Now when I type "git status" on the Bash, we can see

	On branch newBranch
	Untracked files:
	(use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
		4.branch.md
	nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)

In this branch we do what we do in the branch master, such as "git add", "git commit" or "git status"
and so on. Then the next thing we need to do is merging. We could type 

	$git merge newBranch
	
Then we can see 
	
	Updating f2ee617..1beb9d6
	Fast-forward
	Git/4.branch.md | 36 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
	1 file changed, 36 insertions(+)
	create mode 100644 Git/4.branch.md

"Fast-forward" is the mode of this merging.

##Deleting branch
Maybe we want to delete this branch, so we can do just that

	$git branch -d newBranch
